chore[docs]: fix module/contract/interface terminology (#4878)
vyperlang/vyper: docs/structure-of-a-contract.rst

Structure of a Contract
#######################

> Each Vyper source file contains exactly one module.

Reviewer: I think since this is really early in the docs, we should start using the word modules as a synonym, keeping the original and adding the word module

```suggestion
Vyper contracts (or modules) are contained within files. Each file contains exactly one contract.
```

Something in that line

Reviewer 2: The goal of this PR is specifically to make the two concepts more distinct !

And in particular "Each file contains exactly one contract." is incorrect.
That is especially true with the upcoming abstract modules, which are not valid contracts
